README.md, before:

# 🕌 Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project 🌟

![Screenshot (351) (1)](https://github.com/Abdalrahman-Alhamod/Al-Aqsa-Mosque/assets/137921143/a0db1013-907f-4932-b737-25cfd06b6af8)


## Introduction

Welcome to the Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project! This mesmerizing project brings the beauty of Al Aqsa Mosque to life in a stunning 3D representation, all using legacy OpenGL on Windows. 🖥️🏰

## Features ✨

Explore a variety of features that make this project stand out:

- **Camera Manipulation**: Effortlessly navigate the 3D scene using arrow keys. 📸
- **Realistic Lighting**: Experience the play of light and shadow with realistic lighting effects. 💡
- **Texture Mapping**: Immerse yourself in the details with vibrant texture mapping. 🌈
- **Architectural Elements**: Witness the accurate representation of the mosque's architectural beauty. 🏰
- **Accurate Sizing and Spacing**: Ensure precise sizing and spacing for realistic representation. 📏
- **Dynamic Sounds**: Immerse yourself in the environment with dynamically changing sounds. 🔊
- **Daylight Simulation**: Experience realistic daylight changes with accurate simulation. ☀️🌙
- **Timer**: Stay informed about the in-game time with a timer display. 🕒
- **Three Camera Modes**: Choose from Free, FPS, and TPS camera modes for varied perspectives. 🎥
- **Time Speed Control**: Adjust the speed of time to control the overall pace of the simulation. ⏰
- **Real-Life Texturing Accuracy**: Enjoy accurate texture mapping for a lifelike visual experience. 🌐
- **Physical Movement (Sun, Birds)**: Witness dynamic movement of the sun and birds for added realism. 🌅🦅
- **Crashes and Obstacles Physics**: Experience realistic physics for crashes and obstacles in the environment. 🚧

## Gallery 📷
- Explore the **[Screenshots](https://github.com/Abdalrahman-Alhamod/Al-Aqsa-Mosque/tree/main/Screenshots)** directory and dive into the immersive world of the Al Aqsa Mosque Project through a collection of captivating images showcasing various aspects.

## Requirements 🛠️

Before diving into the project, ensure you have the following:

- **Windows OS**: The project is designed to run on Windows. 🖥️
- **C++ Compiler**: Choose your preferred C++ compiler for building the project. 🖱️

## Getting Started 🚀

Clone the repository and get started with these simple steps:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abdalrahman-Alhamod/Al-Aqsa-Mosque.git
```
Build and run using your preferred C++ compiler

## Controls 🎮

- 'W', 'S', 'A', 'D': Move around the scene 🚶‍♂️
- Arrow Keys: Rotate Camera 🔄
- 'SHIFT': Speed up movement ⚡
- 'CTRL' + 'Num 0': Disable/Enable Sun Movement ☀️
- 'CTRL' + 'Num 1' -> 'Num6': Adjust Time Speed ⏰
- '1' -> '6': Disable/Enable Lighting in light pillars when sun movement is disabled 💡
- 'F': Switch between windowed and fullscreen mode 🖥️
- 'C': Switch between camera modes ( Free - FPS - TPS ) 🎥
- 'M': Mute/Unmute Sounds 🔇🔊
- '+' and '-' Keys: Zoom in and out. 🔍🔎
- Mouse Movement while pressing the left mouse button: Rotate the Camera 🐭
- Right Mouse Button: Reset Position 🔄
- Mouse Wheel: Zoom in and out. 🔄🔍🔎
- ESC button: Exit the programme 🔚❌
  

## License 📜
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details. 🌐

Commit message:

add TODO add Easter eggs update Readme

README.md, after:

# 🕌 Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project 🌟

![Screenshot (351) (1)](https://github.com/Abdalrahman-Alhamod/Al-Aqsa-Mosque/assets/137921143/a0db1013-907f-4932-b737-25cfd06b6af8)


## Introduction

Welcome to the Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project! This mesmerizing project brings the beauty of Al Aqsa Mosque to life in a stunning 3D representation, all using legacy OpenGL on Windows. 🖥️🏰

## Features ✨

Explore a variety of features that make this project stand out:

- **Camera Manipulation**: Effortlessly navigate the 3D scene using arrow keys. 📸
- **Realistic Lighting**: Experience the play of light and shadow with realistic lighting effects. 💡
- **Texture Mapping**: Immerse yourself in the details with vibrant texture mapping. 🌈
- **Architectural Elements**: Witness the accurate representation of the mosque's architectural beauty. 🏰
- **Accurate Sizing and Spacing**: Ensure precise sizing and spacing for realistic representation. 📏
- **Dynamic Sounds**: Immerse yourself in the environment with dynamically changing sounds. 🔊
- **Daylight Simulation**: Experience realistic daylight changes with accurate simulation. ☀️🌙
- **Timer**: Stay informed about the in-game time with a timer display. 🕒
- **Three Camera Modes**: Choose from Free, FPS, and TPS camera modes for varied perspectives. 🎥
- **Time Speed Control**: Adjust the speed of time to control the overall pace of the simulation. ⏰
- **Real-Life Texturing Accuracy**: Enjoy accurate texture mapping for a lifelike visual experience. 🌐
- **Physical Movement (Sun, Birds)**: Witness dynamic movement of the sun and birds for added realism. 🌅🦅
- **Crashes and Obstacles Physics**: Experience realistic physics for crashes and obstacles in the environment. 🚧

## Gallery 📷
- Explore the **[Screenshots](./Screenshots)** directory and dive into the immersive world of the Al Aqsa Mosque Project through a collection of captivating images showcasing various aspects.

## Controls 🎮

- 'W', 'S', 'A', 'D': Move around the scene 🚶‍♂️
- Arrow Keys: Rotate Camera 🔄
- 'SHIFT': Speed up movement ⚡
- 'CTRL' + 'Num 0': Disable/Enable Sun Movement ☀️
- 'CTRL' + 'Num 1' -> 'Num6': Adjust Time Speed ⏰
- '1' -> '6': Disable/Enable Lighting in light pillars when sun movement is disabled 💡
- 'F': Switch between windowed and fullscreen mode 🖥️
- 'C': Switch between camera modes ( Free - FPS - TPS ) 🎥
- 'M': Mute/Unmute Sounds 🔇🔊
- '+' and '-' Keys: Zoom in and out. 🔍🔎
- Mouse Movement while pressing the left mouse button: Rotate the Camera 🐭
- Right Mouse Button: Reset Position 🔄
- Mouse Wheel: Zoom in and out. 🔄🔍🔎
- ESC button: Exit the programme 🔚❌

## Easter Eggs 🥚
- Discover hidden surprises and symbolic elements within the Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project: [Read More](./Easter_Eggs.md)

## To-Do List 📝
- For the list of planned tasks and features, see [TODO.md](./TODO.md).

## Installer 🛠️
- Install the Al Aqsa Mosque OpenGL Project on your Windows system using the provided installer: [Download Installer](https://testlink.org/)

## Requirements 🛠️

Before diving into the project, ensure you have the following:

- **Windows OS**: The project is designed to run on Windows. 🖥️
- **C++ Compiler**: Choose your preferred C++ compiler for building the project. 🖱️

## Getting Started 🚀

Clone the repository and get started with these simple steps:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abdalrahman-Alhamod/Al-Aqsa-Mosque.git
```
Build and run using your preferred C++ compiler

## License 📜
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details. 🌐
